README.md, before:

# menubar-time-tracker

> A toggle-button time tracker in your macOS menubar for Sage DPW

![bildschirmfoto 2017-04-05 um 10 59 07](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1935696/24697864/fc938620-19ee-11e7-9f08-33ff3f35cb2c.png)

## Install

* **Note: requires a node version >= 6 and an npm version >= 3.**
* **If you have installation or compilation issues with this project, please see [our debugging guide](https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate/issues/400)**

```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:karlhorky/menubar-time-tracker.git
$ cd menubar-time-tracker && yarn
```

You will need to change all occurrences of `YOUR_USERNAME` and `YOUR_PASSWORD` in [app/main.development.js](https://github.com/karlhorky/menubar-time-tracker/blob/65ba1bee89b81f9b57c9c483b9dbc78981467dcd/app/main.development.js) to your credentials.

## Run

Run both servers with one command:

```bash
$ yarn dev
```

Or run these two commands __simultaneously__ in different console tabs.

```bash
$ yarn hot-server
$ yarn start-hot
```

Commit message:

Add abandoned / insecure / security notice

README.md, after:

# ⚠️ This repo is **abandoned**, **unmaintained** and has **insecure** dependencies.

# menubar-time-tracker

> A toggle-button time tracker in your macOS menubar for Sage DPW

![bildschirmfoto 2017-04-05 um 10 59 07](https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/1935696/24697864/fc938620-19ee-11e7-9f08-33ff3f35cb2c.png)

## Install

* **Note: requires a node version >= 6 and an npm version >= 3.**
* **If you have installation or compilation issues with this project, please see [our debugging guide](https://github.com/chentsulin/electron-react-boilerplate/issues/400)**

```bash
$ git clone git@github.com:karlhorky/menubar-time-tracker.git
$ cd menubar-time-tracker && yarn
```

You will need to change all occurrences of `YOUR_USERNAME` and `YOUR_PASSWORD` in [app/main.development.js](https://github.com/karlhorky/menubar-time-tracker/blob/65ba1bee89b81f9b57c9c483b9dbc78981467dcd/app/main.development.js) to your credentials.

## Run

Run both servers with one command:

```bash
$ yarn dev
```

Or run these two commands __simultaneously__ in different console tabs.

```bash
$ yarn hot-server
$ yarn start-hot
```
